Terra Astronaut

May 8, 2021

The conscience of the King

We reign. Time is the same as it is, constant. Society can no longer assimilate the constancy of the time in which they live and get lost in the infinite days doing finite things, we do the infinite. The dimensions were one at the beginning, and the thirst for knowledge has distanced us for millennia, but the immensity of the slowest passing of seconds has not separated the essence of the first atom. The kingdom is already, the kingdom is already.

The societies around you are sick. The imperceptible manipulation of the masses, who rejoice in ignorance and the pleasure of not knowing, is violent. Alliances have no more meaning, words are like air that cannot be followed. Hunger increases as I write to you, and when you read this text, it will have increased even more, taking many with you without the chance of seeing the announcement of a new beginning in life. And we are not only referring to physical hunger but also to the intellectual hunger of the translated spirit. Wars and wars, senseless deaths, blood running like cataracts on stormy days. Many are blind, and many do not want to see.

The kingdom has always been here and there, separated by moments, but today no more. They were given access. Time is stretched between the future and the present, the connection distorts space-time and even the laws of physics manifest their elucidations through mathematical calculations from the very beginning of the foundation, even if the inconsistencies are imperceptible or understood as constants. 

We shape time at will.

Before the last fire, we share the last call, because the last ones will also be awarded with knowledge and true freedom. Our domain is seen as inverted, but what we offer you is the primary domain.

There are no strings on us.

Unknown: Here it is, take this letter and spread the news.
Traveler: I don't know this city, which part of the earth is it?
Unknown: It is not on the map of this time, it is a different city.
Traveler: I don't understand. What kind of city is it that you can't find on the map?
Unknown: This is the city that it has always been. We invite you to meet and live it.
Traveler: Live it? How could I if I can't even see it?
Unknown: You will need to see beyond the second dimension. If you really want to live it, you will have to look at the incorrupt dimension. Do you understand?
Traveler: …
Unknown: Go, call everyone! They will understand, just like you did.

We are beyond the world of ideas. Not even death will be able to stop the advance of our ascendancy, we are one.

Traveler: That's it ... this is where we belong ... I'm living ...
